{{Collapsible
  | Content = 
* '''Examples'''
** Update SAFER FR (B15-53) wording to include "to perform SAFER C/O within 60 days of EVA and GN2 check within 14 of EVA."
** On 2 Nov 2012, the pull tab/strap broke free from the power switch on REBA battery 1008. Battery is NO GO until testing determines if possible to actuate switch EVA without pull tab
** Waiver for CCT Kit s/n 1010 to be out of configuration control. During EVA 18 two N2 cartridges were used and trashed without removing tether rings. Kit is out of configuration without the tether rings.
* '''A short description of topic, 255 characters or less'''
** These examples give a future viewer a quick understanding of what was discussed and what the outcome was.
** Sorry, at the moment this does not count your characters. Just try to keep it short.
* '''Do not use links in this field'''
** This field cannot accept square braces, e.g. [ and ]
** Anything you would like to link to here should instead be put in the "related articles" field below
* '''This field is required'''
** If you don't include this field the meeting minutes will display poorly on related pages
** Sometimes for very small meeting topics it may seem redundant to fill in both this field and the "Full Text" field below. '''This field is more important'''.
* '''Keep everything in one "paragraph".'''
** Hitting "enter" to create a new line will cause the synopsis to look funny on the main page.
  | Collapse text = hide help
  | Expand text = help
  | Start hidden = true
  | Before trigger = '''Synopsis:''' (
  | After trigger = )
}}