== Fields ==
; Meeting_Title : Title of the meeting. Corresponds to [[Property:Meeting Title]]. Use the same nomenclature as past meeting minutes (i.e. use "Tools Panel" not "Tool Panel")
; Date : Date of meeting. Corresponds to [[Property:Date]]. Date type doesn't matter (you can use "April 24, 2012" or "4/12/2012" or "2012-04-24"), but the preferred form is "24 April 2012"
; Note_Takers : List people. No properties. Optionally list them as links to their pages.
; Topic1, ... , Topic40 : List tools, ORUs, EVAs, missions, or other topics. Corresponds to [[Property:Applies to]]. Will create a link to each topic's page.

== Example ==
Below is an example showing how to use the template.

<pre style="width:800px;">
{{Meeting Minutes
  | Meeting_Title = Tools Panel
  | Date          = 24 April 2012
  | Note_Takers   = James Montalvo
  | Topic1        = PGT
  | Topic2        = RET
  | Topic3        = US EVA 18
  | Topic4        = HTV-3

  | Document Title 1  = Tools Panel Agenda
  | Document Link 1   = https://evaweb.jsc.nasa.gov/Documents.aspx/Get/9791
}}
</pre>

== Blank Template ==
Below is a blank template to make data-entry easier.

<pre style="width:400px;">
{{Meeting Minutes
  | Meeting_Title =
  | Date          = 
  | Note_Takers   = 
  | Topic1        = 
  | Topic2        = 
  | Topic3        = 
  | Topic4        = 
  | Topic5        = 
  | Topic6        = 
  | Topic7        = 
  | Topic8        = 
  | Topic9        = 
  | Topic10       = 
  | Topic11       = 
  | Topic12       = 
  | Topic13       = 
  | Topic14       = 
  | Topic15       = 
  | Topic16       = 
  | Topic17       = 
  | Topic18       = 
  | Topic19       = 
  | Topic20       = 
  | Topic21       = 
  | Topic22       = 
  | Topic23       = 
  | Topic24       = 
  | Topic25       = 
  | Topic26       = 
  | Topic27       = 
  | Topic28       = 
  | Topic29       = 
  | Topic30       = 
  | Topic31       = 
  | Topic32       = 
  | Topic33       = 
  | Topic34       = 
  | Topic35       = 
  | Topic36       = 
  | Topic37       = 
  | Topic38       = 
  | Topic39       = 
  | Topic40       = 

  | Document Title 1  =
  | Document Link 1   =
  | Document Title 2  =
  | Document Link 2   =
  | Document Title 3  =
  | Document Link 3   =
  | Document Title 4  =
  | Document Link 4   =
  | Document Title 5  =
  | Document Link 5   =
  | Document Title 6  =
  | Document Link 6   =
  | Document Title 7  =
  | Document Link 7   =
  | Document Title 8  =
  | Document Link 8   =
  | Document Title 9  =
  | Document Link 9   =
  | Document Title 10 =
  | Document Link 10  =
}}
</pre>